Working At Bitso

We are a diverse team that takes pride in understanding the perspectives of others. We fully embrace working remotely and we are eager to act, improve and accelerate progress inside and outside of our organization.

To drive revolutionary changes in society and make crypto useful, we delight our customers with world-class products, deep care, and intentional empathy.

Your Purpose 

At Bitso, Product Managers (PMs) are key players in building and delivering great products that add value to our customers. They are accountable for doing so with a team composed of individuals across different functions, including software developers, designers, data scientists, and more. PMs are responsible for the speed and quality of the team’s decisions to maximize customer value and business impact. We are looking for exceptional PMs who will progressively assume greater ownership of realizing Bitso's vision of becoming the primary financial partner for everyone, powered by crypto.

Reports To

VP of Product

Who You Are


5+ years of experience in Product Management / Product Ownership, managing multidisciplinary teams to build, launch and scale digital products. 
Robust experience owning and supporting the entire product lifecycle to drive remarkable results of successful tech products. 
Sharp UX design skills, with a strong desire to discover and fulfill the needs of users.
Analytically minded, comfortable working with numbers and making data driven decisions.
Ability to build strong relationships of trust across distinct stakeholders, navigating the added complexity of working across geos in a global business, and in a remote environment. 
Ability to turn incomplete, conflicting or ambiguous inputs into solid action plans.
Excellent communication skills: written, verbal and presentation.
Advanced English language skills (our primary common language across geos).
Great willingness to learn and adapt to a fast-paced environment.
Good understanding of the software development lifecycle.
Crypto experience is not a requirement. However, you will be expected to be a fast learner.
You’re intellectually curious and think creatively.
Experience working with customer-facing products (the ones directly related to the final user) and / or crypto or financial services would be a plus.