Working At Bitso

We are a diverse team that takes pride in understanding the perspectives of others. We fully embrace working remotely and we are eager to act, improve and accelerate progress inside and outside of our organization.

To drive revolutionary changes in society and make crypto useful, we delight our customers with world-class products, deep care, and intentional empathy.

Your Purpose 

At Bitso, Product Managers (PMs) are key players in building and delivering great products that add value to our customers. They are accountable for doing so with a team composed of individuals across different functions, including software developers, designers, data scientists, and more. PMs are responsible for the speed and quality of the team’s decisions to maximize customer value and business impact. We are looking for exceptional PMs who will progressively assume greater ownership of realizing Bitso's vision of becoming the primary financial partner for everyone, powered by crypto.

Reports To

VP of Product

Who You Are


5+ years of experience in Product Management / Product Ownership, managing multidisciplinary teams to build, launch and scale digital products. 
Robust experience owning and supporting the entire product lifecycle to drive remarkable results of successful tech products. 
Sharp UX design skills, with a strong desire to discover and fulfill the needs of users.
Analytically minded, comfortable working with numbers and making data driven decisions.
Ability to build strong relationships of trust across distinct stakeholders, navigating the added complexity of working across geos in a global business, and in a remote environment. 
Ability to turn incomplete, conflicting or ambiguous inputs into solid action plans.
Excellent communication skills: written, verbal and presentation.
Advanced English language skills (our primary common language across geos).
Great willingness to learn and adapt to a fast-paced environment.
Good understanding of the software development lifecycle.
Crypto experience is not a requirement. However, you will be expected to be a fast learner.
You’re intellectually curious and think creatively.
Experience working with customer-facing products (the ones directly related to the final user) and / or crypto or financial services would be a plus. 


What You Will Do


Drive product development – from conception to launch – of the products and product solutions you are accountable for, including complex “0 to 1” new platform capabilities.
Support the building up of business cases for new products and product iterations.
Ensure the Bitso's and team’s Objectives are achieved, proactively eliminating blockers and executing solutions.
Keep updated with the regulatory landscape, regularly engaging with the legal and compliance teams to ensure our products are compliant with applicable laws and regulations.
Develop a deep understanding of customers by conducting research, data analysis, customer interviews and usability testing.
Utilize qualitative and quantitative insights to develop hypotheses and make product decisions. You also know when and how to balance data with intuition.
Define, prioritize and communicate long-term product goals, breaking them down into tangible hypotheses/deliverables.
Craft compelling product proposals with strong business sense to gain the buy-in of an executive audience.
Partner with engineers, designers, marketing, acquisition, customer operations, strategy and analytics teams.
Define, guide and execute our product strategy to deliver tools that empower our customers.
Define clear success metrics, and support your team to achieve them.
Communicate and collaborate with leaders from multiple disciplines and across multiple product lines.
Contribute to others’ growth through mentoring and building capabilities across the organization, rolling up your sleeves to support any teammate in need.
Work towards building a strong product culture where your team understands the importance of continuous testing and learning, leveraging data and customer feedback to come up with actionable insights and drive business performance. 
Be the voice of your teams across the organization.
Deeply understand market landscape, competitors and trends that can impact your products and Bitso as a whole.


Given those expectations, you will succeed if you have a high performance in these aspects:


Product Vision: Set the vision for the product, understanding how it connects to company objectives.
Customer Obsession: Deep dive on user behavior by talking to real customers, analyzing data and seeing the products used in the real world.
Ruthless Prioritization: Help our teams prioritize features based on customer needs, engineering complexity and the most relevant business outcomes.
Structured Thinking: Ability to grasp problems of varying levels of complexity and reduce them down to their essentials.
Execution: Understand the problems we are trying to solve and work closely with engineers, designers, data scientists and other functions to define, iterate and ship an awesome sustainable product.
Communication: Build constructive relationships, communicate effectively with internal and external stakeholders and have a great time doing it. Written and verbal communication are key to success.


Research in Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion suggests that individuals may hesitate to apply for jobs if they do not meet all the listed criteria. At Bitso, we value diversity and your unique strengths could be just what we're looking for. If this role excites you but you don't match every point in the description, we still want to hear from you.

Who We Are

With over 9 million users, Bitso is the leading cryptocurrency platform in Latin America. We are developing the cryptocurrency ecosystem in the region and enabling financial inclusion. We believe crypto is the future of finance, and we’re committed to making it useful by providing equal access to safe and intuitive financial products.

When we hire people for our team, we specifically test for the following traits in addition to our cultural values:


Mission-Driven: We seek individuals who are passionate about crypto and Bitso’s mission and resilient in facing industry challenges 
High Sense of Urgency: We prioritize candidates who demonstrate a high sense of urgency and responsibility. 
Exceptional Hard Skills: We seek individuals who possess exceptional skills in their respective fields, with no room for mediocrity. 
Self-Management: We look for individuals who can independently manage their work, career, and professional development. 


Compensation & Benefits

At Bitso, you are taking the front seat on the edge of crypto innovation, creating the next generation of crypto-powered products.

So for those willing to commit, adapt and pioneer the most important change of the century we offer:


Me Time program, including unlimited paid time off.
Remote-first work environment.
Employee Stock Option program.
Zero trading fees through our Bitso Alpha app.
Extended Family Leave Policy: all birthing parents, non-birthing parents and adopting parents are eligible for a 4-months leave.
Premium health, dental and life insurances in Mexico, Gibraltar, Colombia, USA, Brazil and Argentina.
Monthly stipend for gym memberships, relaxation activities, sports equipment, cooking classes, books, entertainment and more.


Want to leave an undoubtedly legacy with us? Fasten your seatbelt and join this spaceship, where you will find exponential growth and the opportunity to thrive!


These are the applicable requisites, although equivalent competencies in any of the above will also be considered.
To see our Privacy Policy please click here.